# Minutes 4/4/2022
## Scribe: Madeline
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used to discuss planning for sprint 4 and wrapping up the project
## A/I:
* Zarek - file save / load, update position for cubes when dragged 
* Andrew - energy/object relation, finish cube menu and updating cube data with it
* Seth - finish graphing functionality, create cubeEditingRelations dictionary
* Maddi - get pieces connected for type object name -> add energy -> populate frame + put labels on objects

# Minutes 4/4/2022
## Scribe: Seth
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used to talk about wrapping up Sprint 3 and what still needs to be done, and any questions anyone had about certain functions of the program.
## A/I:
* Madeline - Implement character ID to energy cubes
* Andrew - Remove object using last character in ID of energy cube
* Seth - Link frame buttons to frame selection, work on graph, brainstorm caching
* Zarek - Finish wrapping up final tasks

# Minutes 3/18/2022
## Scribe: Seth
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used to talk about our user stories for Sprint 3.
## A/I:
* Madeline - Energy cube initialization story
* Andrew - Energy cube editing story
* Seth - Frame panel contents story
* Zarek - Play through functionality story
* Everyone - create user stories and tasks by Sunday, (somewhat) enjoy spring break

# Minutes 3/15/2022
## Scribe: Seth
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used to talk about upcoming user stories and tasks for Sprint 3, decided we needed a little more time to think about some good stories and tasks and bumped a new meeting to Thursday.
## A/I:
* Madeline - Feel better
* Everyone - brainstorm sprint 3 task division and direction. Have them prepared for Thursday's meeting

# Minutes 3/14/2022
## Scribe: Seth
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used to talk about any final touches for Sprint 2 as well as plan for Sprint 3
* Discussed if we wanted to make some potential changes to the initial page due to the wireframes not showing the controls right away
* Discussed how custom objects would be added using the drop down menu created by Andrew, decided that we would use a form style process in order to get information for creation
* Discussed the difference and usability of the add object and add entity methods
* Discussed the potential of a scaling factor that could be used for energy cubes depending on if the user has many objects at once, stretch goals
## A/I:
* Madeline - Finish up sprint 2 work
* Andrew - Finish up sprint 2 work 
* Seth - Finish up sprint 2 work
* Zarek - Finish up sprint 2 work
* Everyone - brainstorm sprint 3 task division and direction. Have them prepared for Tuesday's meeting

# Minutes 3/1/2022
## Scribe: Madeline
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used as our sprint planning for sprint 2
* Discussed logistics for task completion for upcoming sprint, specifically avoiding task overlapping, task scope creep as we're working on things, and processes for communicating what we'll be working on before we start
* Discussed goals and milestones for completion by sprint 2 end
## A/I:
* Madeline - Finish up sprint 1 work and create/implement sprint 2 tasks
* Andrew - Finish up sprint 1 work and create/implement sprint 2 tasks
* Seth - Finish up sprint 1 work and create/implement sprint 2 tasks
* Zarek - Finish up sprint 1 work and create/implement sprint 2 tasks
* Everyone - brainstorm sprint 2 task division and direction

# Minutes 2/28/2022
## Scribe: Andrew
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* This meeting was used as our sprint retrospective as we finished up some last minute tasks
* Discussed the data structures to be implemented in the next sprint
* Discussed what research must be done to prepare for sprint 2
## A/I:
* Madeline - Finish up last task for sprint 1
* Andrew - Finish up last task for sprint 1
* Seth - Finish up last task for sprint 1
* Zarek - Finish up last couple tasks for sprint 1
* Everyone - Prepare for sprint 2 planing meeting on Tuesday

# Minutes 2/15/2022
## Scribe: Madeline
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* Worked on finalizing build.sh and test.sh setup
* Sprint 0 Retrospective
* Discussed framework options
## A/I:
* Madeline - brainstorm sprint 1 tasks and GSAP setup / finalize framework research
* Andrew - brainstorm sprint 1 tasks and GSAP setup / finalize framework research
* Seth - brainstorm sprint 1 tasks and GSAP setup / finalize framework research
* Zarek - brainstorm sprint 1 tasks and GSAP setup / finalize framework research

# Minutes 2/10/2022
## Scribe: Andrew
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth, Zarek
## Absent: N/A
## Items:
* Discussed the implementation of the status badge, build.sh, and test.sh
* Created tasks and user stories for sprint 0
* Began working on the index.html and basic wireframe structure
## A/I:
* Madeline - creating tasks and implented the workflows yml
* Andrew - creating tasks and implemented basic index.html and status badge
* Seth - creating tasks and researching build.sh/test.sh
* Zarek - creating tasks and researching build.sh/test.sh
* Everyone - research potential frameworks to use including Bootstrap and Vue

# Minutes 2/7/2022
## Scribe: Seth
## Present: Madeline, Zarek, Seth, Andrew
## Absent: N/A
## Items: 
* Discussed Sprint 0
* Discussed the Project Plan Template and what still needs to be completed
* Evaluation of wireframe draft
* Discussed ideas for how frames will work later on in the project
## A/I: 
* Seth - project plan 5
* Andrew - project plan 1.5
* Zarek - project plan 3.3, 3.4
* Everyone - brainstorm framework

# Minutes 2/1/2022
## Scribe: Madeline
## Present: Madeline, Andrew, Seth
## Absent: Zarek
## Items: 
* Discussed licensing and meeting minutes
* Created and signed team contract
* Planned for upcoming weeks and discussed next steps for creating mockups and BCT scripts
## A/I: 
* Madeline - project plan 3.1, 3.2, wireframe rough drafting
* Andrew - project plan 1.3, 1.4, 1.5, yml considerations/research
* Seth - project plan 3.5, 4, 5
* Zarek - project plan 3.3, 3.4
* Everyone - edit previously completed sections according to feedback recieved, brainstorm build steps/GitHub actions/yml, wireframe drafting
